Feature/pre processing script (#31)
EBI-Metagenomics/mettannotator: README.md

is expected that for all genomes, BAT results are stored in the same folder and are named as {fasta_base_name}.bin2classification.txt.The script will use the lowest-level taxid without an
asterisk as the taxid for the genome.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help    show this help message and exit
  -i INFILE     A file containing a list of genome files to include (file name only, with file extension, unzipped, one file per line).
  -d INPUT_DIR  Full path to the directory where the input FASTA files are located.
  -b BAT_DIR    Folder with BAT results. Results for all genomes should be in the same folder and should be named {fasta_base_name}.bin2classification.txt
  -o OUTFILE    Path to the file where the output will be saved to.
  --no-prefix   Skip prefix generation and leave the first column of the output file empty for the user to fill out. Defaule: False
```
For example:
```bash
python3 generate_input_file.py -i list_of_genome_fasta_files.txt -d /path/to/the/fasta/files/folder/ -b BAT_results/ -o mettannotator_input.csv
```

> It is best to check the outputs to ensure the results are what is expected. Correct any wrongly detected taxa before starting `mettannotator`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is always best to check the outputs to ensure the results are as expected. Correct any wrongly detected taxa before starting `mettannotator`.
```
